doc/icon_attribution.md, before:

#Noun Project

* School
  - http://thenounproject.com/noun/school/#icon-No10119
  - Paul Souders, from The Noun Project
  - <a href="http://thenounproject.com/noun/school/#icon-No10119" target="_blank">School</a> designed by <a href="http://thenounproject.com/axoplasm" target="_blank">Paul Souders</a> from The Noun Project
  - CC3 Attribution
* Store
  - http://thenounproject.com/noun/store/#icon-No3278
  - Joris Hoogendoorn, from The Noun Project
  - <a href="http://thenounproject.com/noun/school/#icon-No10119" target="_blank">School</a> designed by <a href="http://thenounproject.com/axoplasm" target="_blank">Paul Souders</a> from The Noun Project 
  - CC3 Attribution
  - Subsequently modified by Bob Burbach to create Small Business (small_business.svg)
* Handshake
  - http://thenounproject.com/noun/handshake/#icon-No767
  - Jake Nelsen, from The Noun Project
  - <a href="http://thenounproject.com/noun/handshake/#icon-No767" target="_blank">Handshake</a> designed by <a href="http://thenounproject.com/Jake_Nelsen" target="_blank">Jake Nelsen</a> from The Noun Project
  - CC3 Attribution
* Gears
  - http://thenounproject.com/noun/gears/#icon-No9428
  - Designed by Max Hancock
  - Public Domain
* Graph
  - http://thenounproject.com/noun/graph/#icon-No18735
  - MoPub, from The Noun Project
  - <a href="http://thenounproject.com/noun/graph/#icon-No18735" target="_blank">Graph</a> designed by <a href="http://thenounproject.com/MoPub" target="_blank">Tommy Kuntze</a> from The Noun Project
  - CC3 Attribution
* Close 'X'
  - http://thenounproject.com/term/close/7294/
  - Jordon Marshall (http://thenounproject.com/theshadowbelow)
  - Public Domain
* Female User
  - http://thenounproject.com/term/user/25010/
  - Melvin Poppelaars (http://thenounproject.com/melvin.poppelaars)
  - CC3 Attribution
  - Subsequently modified by Bob Burbach to create Users (users.svg)
* Male User
  - http://thenounproject.com/term/user/25009/
  - Melvin Poppelaars (http://thenounproject.com/melvin.poppelaars)
  - CC3 Attribution
  - Subsequently modified by Bob Burbach to create Users (users.svg)

Commit message:

Update font icons - add globe and reorganize. Drop old font file for browsers we no longer support.

doc/icon_attribution.md, after:

#Noun Project

* School
  - http://thenounproject.com/noun/school/#icon-No10119
  - Paul Souders, from The Noun Project
  - <a href="http://thenounproject.com/noun/school/#icon-No10119" target="_blank">School</a> designed by <a href="http://thenounproject.com/axoplasm" target="_blank">Paul Souders</a> from The Noun Project
  - CC3 Attribution
* Store
  - http://thenounproject.com/noun/store/#icon-No3278
  - Joris Hoogendoorn, from The Noun Project
  - <a href="http://thenounproject.com/noun/school/#icon-No10119" target="_blank">School</a> designed by <a href="http://thenounproject.com/axoplasm" target="_blank">Paul Souders</a> from The Noun Project
  - CC3 Attribution
  - Subsequently modified by Bob Burbach to create Small Business (small_business.svg)
* Handshake
  - http://thenounproject.com/noun/handshake/#icon-No767
  - Jake Nelsen, from The Noun Project
  - <a href="http://thenounproject.com/noun/handshake/#icon-No767" target="_blank">Handshake</a> designed by <a href="http://thenounproject.com/Jake_Nelsen" target="_blank">Jake Nelsen</a> from The Noun Project
  - CC3 Attribution
* Gears
  - http://thenounproject.com/noun/gears/#icon-No9428
  - Designed by Max Hancock
  - Public Domain
* Graph
  - http://thenounproject.com/noun/graph/#icon-No18735
  - MoPub, from The Noun Project
  - <a href="http://thenounproject.com/noun/graph/#icon-No18735" target="_blank">Graph</a> designed by <a href="http://thenounproject.com/MoPub" target="_blank">Tommy Kuntze</a> from The Noun Project
  - CC3 Attribution
* Close 'X'
  - http://thenounproject.com/term/close/7294/
  - Jordon Marshall (http://thenounproject.com/theshadowbelow)
  - Public Domain
* Female User
  - http://thenounproject.com/term/user/25010/
  - Melvin Poppelaars (http://thenounproject.com/melvin.poppelaars)
  - CC3 Attribution
  - Subsequently modified by Bob Burbach to create Users (users.svg)
* Male User
  - http://thenounproject.com/term/user/25009/
  - Melvin Poppelaars (http://thenounproject.com/melvin.poppelaars)
  - CC3 Attribution
  - Subsequently modified by Bob Burbach to create Users (users.svg)
* Globe
  - https://thenounproject.com/rshashank19/collection/globe/?oq=globe&cidx=0&i=861097
  - Shashank Singh (https://thenounproject.com/rshashank19/)
  - CC3 Attribution
  - Globe by shashank singh from the Noun Project
